ACM-18041: Adjust `ConfigurationPolicy` `customMessage` doc (GRC) (#7521)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/adv_template_process.adoc

[#adv-template-processing]

> = Advanced template processing in policies

Reviewer: We want our titles to having gerunds

```suggestion
= Using advanced template processing in policies
```

If you need to manually initiate an update, use the special annotation, `policy.open-cluster-management.io/trigger-update`, to indicate changes for the data referenced by the templates. Any change to the special annotation value automatically initiates template processing. Additionally, the latest contents of the referenced resource are read and updated in the policy definition that is propagated for processing on managed clusters. A way to use this annotation is to increment the value by one each time.

[#bypass-template-processing]

> == Bypass template processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Bypassing template processing
```

> You might create a policy that contains a policy in `policy-templates` that is not intended to be processed by {acm-short}. By default, {acm-short} processes all templates.

Reviewer: do users purposefully creates these policies? or unintentionally? see the following suggestions. Do you think either of these are an improvement? 

```suggestion
If you create a policy that contains a policy in `policy-templates` that is not intended to be processed by {acm-short}, then by default, {acm-short} processes all templates.
```

Reviewer: or: 

```suggestion
You might unintentionally create a policy that contains a policy in `policy-templates` that is not intended to be processed by {acm-short}. By default, {acm-short} processes all templates.
```

Author: Creating a policy with Go templates that aren't intended to be processed by the ACM policy controllers would be intentional, but wouldn't happen all the time. In that case maybe it'd read better by flipping the order and combining the paragraphs?

>By default, {acm-short} processes all Go templates. You might create a policy that contains a policy in `policy-templates` that is not intended to be processed by {acm-short}. To bypass template processing, change `{{ template content }}` to `+{{ `{{ template content }}` }}+` to have the template return a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.

> To bypass template processing, you can change `{{ template content }}` to `+{{ `{{ template content }}` }}+` to have the template return a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.

Reviewer: If this is the change we want users to make, I think we can eliminate the "you can" 

```suggestion
To bypass template processing, change `{{ template content }}` to `+{{ `{{ template content }}` }}+` to have the template return a raw string to be processed by a subsequent templating engine.
```

> Alternatively, for configuration policies you can add the following annotation in the relevant `ConfigurationPolicy` contained in your `Policy`: `policy.open-cluster-management.io/disable-templates: "true"`. When this annotation is included in a `ConfigurationPolicy`, the previous workaround is not necessary and template processing is bypassed.

Reviewer: is this an alternative step? Or is this the recommended action for users for configuration policies? what do you think of this rewrite? 

```suggestion
For configuration policies,  add the following annotation in the relevant `ConfigurationPolicy` contained in your `Policy`: `policy.open-cluster-management.io/disable-templates: "true"`. 

When you include this annotation in `ConfigurationPolicy`, the template processing gets bypassed.
```

Author: It is indeed an alternative to the previous solution. With the previous solution, the Go templates can be individually overridden (in case there are other templates there that _should_ be processed by ACM). With this, the template resolution is shut off entirely. That said, maybe something like this for the previous paragraph:

>To bypass template processing for a particular template, change `{{ template content }}` to `+{{ `{{ template content }}` }}+`

And then this for this paragraph?

>Alternatively to bypass template resolution entirely for a configuration policy, add the following annotation in the relevant `ConfigurationPolicy` contained in your `Policy`: `policy.open-cluster-management.io/disable-templates: "true"`.

[#object-selector]

> == Configuration policy object selector

Reviewer: wouldn't it be `objectSelector` like it is in the body paragraph? 

```suggestion
== Configuring a policy `objectSelector` 
```

> `objectSelector` is available in `ConfigurationPolicy` in order to iterate over multiple objects using a label selector using the kind specified in the `objectDefinition`. `objectSelector` is similar to the `namespaceSelector`, except that it does not have name filtering built in. To further filter by name, the `skipObject` function is available. Calling `{{ skipObject }}` at any time inside of a Go template will signal to skip that particular object for the policy. View the following example that selects objects that have the label `foo: bar` but skips objects that have a name with the suffix `-prod`:

Reviewer: what do you think about hte following revisions to make it a bit more user focused? 

```suggestion
To iterate multiple objects using a label selector, use the `objectSelector` that is available in the  `ConfigurationPolicy` and specified in the `objectDefinition`. The `objectSelector` is similar to the `namespaceSelector`, except that it does not have name filtering built in. To  filter by name, use the `skipObject` function. If you reference `{{ skipObject }}` inside the Go template, it signals to skip that particular object for the policy. 

For an example, view the following YAML sample that selects objects that have the label `foo: bar` but skips objects that have a name with the suffix `-prod`:
```

[source,yaml]
----
...
objectSelector:
  matchExpressions:
  - key: foo
    operator: In
    values:
    - bar
objectDefinition:
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: ConfigMap
  data:
    key: '{{ if (hasSuffix "-prod" .ObjectName) }}{{ skipObject }}{{ end }}{{ hasNodesWithExactRoles "infra" }}'
----

[#raw-object-template-processing]

> == Configuration policy raw object template processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring policy raw object template processing
```

Author: This one should stay since it's our policy kind. Maybe?

>Processing raw templates in configuration policies

Or?

>Processing raw templates in `ConfigurationPolicy`

> The `object-template-raw` parameter is an optional parameter that supports advanced templating use-cases, such as if-else and the `range` function. `object-templates-raw` accepts a string containing Go templates that, once parsed, must result in an `object-templates` array. The following example is defined to add the `species-category: mammal` label  to any ConfigMap in the `default` namespace that has a `name` key equal to `Sea Otter`:

Reviewer: Some of the terminology I was unfamiliar with and didn't think was necessary. Please let me know if I omitted anything that was needed. 

I made some changes to bring the user in more. Let me know what you think: 

```suggestion
The `object-template-raw` parameter is an optional parameter that supports advanced templating use cases, such as, the `range` function. The `object-templates-raw` accepts a string containing Go templates, and when you use these templates, they must result in an `object-templates` array. 

For example, see the following YAML sample that adds the `species-category: mammal` label  to any ConfigMap in the `default` namespace that has a `name` key equal to `Sea Otter`:
```

Author: Overall the changes make sense, though I think the "if-else" is helpful to note. Would this be clearer?

>such as the `if` conditional function and the `range` loop function
